IITC-Plugin Kit
============
Addon developing framework for IITC - Ingress Intel Total Conversation.

If you don't know IITC or the game Ingress you're on the wrong website.
See [www.ingress.com](https://www.ingress.com/), [iitc.app](iitc.app) or [iitc.me](iitc.me)


With this framework you can ...
- use Typescript for addon developing
- create a new plugin with a single command
- split your code into multiple files
- directly include images or css files
- debug your code inside the browser
- ...


Required software
============
- [nodejs](https://nodejs.org)
- [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com)

Tutorial
============
see:  https://github.com/McBen/IITCPluginKit_Example/wiki

Starting a new plugin
============

In a new directory run:
```
yarn add iitcpluginkit
```
to install this framework.

```
yarn ipk
```
will help you creating all configuration files and the main plugin file.

At this point you already have a working plugin. You only have to fill in your new ideas.



Build & Install your plugin
============
The short way: ```yarn autobuild```

This will build your plugin and start a local file server you can use to install it.
Additional it will watch for files changes and rebuild your plugin if required.
So while autobuild is running open [localhost:8100](localhost:8100) and install or update your plugin.

If you prefer the manual way: run ```yarn build``` to build your plugin inside the `/dist/` folder.

see [Yarn Tool commands](#Yarn-Tool-commands)


Note: if you need to change the port 8100 add " -p 8101" to the commands "start" and "autobuild" in you package.json.


Coding
==================
At this point `yarn ipk` should already had created your plugin main file. Default: /src/Main.ts. 
That's were you start coding. `init()` will be called on plugin start. This is you entry point.

Most of the common used IITC functions should be already availible. If you're not sure what you need or what function IITC provides you could look at _./nodes_modules/iitcpluginkit/src/types/iitc_ or take a look at the real iitc-code.

A coding tutorial will be available soon.



Yarn Tool commands
==================

| Command | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `yarn build` | alias for `yarn build:dev` |
| `yarn build:dev` | developer build |
| `yarn build:prod` | production build |
| `yarn start` | runs a fileserver for the 'out'-directory |
| `yarn autobuild` | auto rebuild on filechange & running the fileserver |


Developer vs Production build
==================
The production code will strip of sourcemaps and have some minor optimation.  
If you set `minimize: true` (in your plugin.config) it will minimize resulting code and remove console.log commands.
By default this option is off to allow 3rd-party developers to review your code at runtime.

The version number will not contain the build-date in production code. So you should make sure the correct version number is set by setting a git-tag or changing the version number in your plugin.json.



Advanced topics
==================
## Images:
in css:
```css
.mydiv { background:url("image.png"); }
``` 
(svg is currently not supported in CSS!)

in ts:
```typescript
  import myimage from "myimage.svg";

  const myIcon = L.icon({iconUrl: myimage});
```

## CSS / Postcss
CSS-Examples:
```css
@import 'buttons'; /* include another css file (postcss-import) */

$IITC_YELOW: #ffce00; /* create variables (postcss-simple-vars) */

.myblock {
    .anotherblock {  /* nested css (postcss-nested) */
        color: $IITC_YELOW;
        background-color: color(red shade(20%)) /* color manipulation (postcss-color-function) */
    }
}
```

## Webpack
You can tweak or enhance used webpack config by creating a custom config.js in you project root directory.
webpack.config.js
```javascript
module.exports =  {
    output: {
        filename: "megaplugin.user.js"
    }
};
```
or as function: 
```javascript
module.exports = function (config) { config.output.filename="megaplugin.user.js"; }`
```

## plugin.json
Is generated by the ipk script on init and contains the script metablock data.

Additional options are:
* "entry": filename of main file
* "banner": string on top of the file
* "changelog": filename of the changelog. it will be included after the metablock
* "icon": string (or uri) to a 64x64 icon or empty to suppress the default one


